Improve CDC config documentation (#2)
wso2-extensions/esb-inbound-cdc: docs/config.md

Listed below are the properties used for creating a CDC inbound endpoint.

> All the params can be specified in the synapse config files for the CDC Inbound Endpoint, using the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All parameters can be specified in the Synapse configuration files for the CDC Inbound Endpoint using the following format:
```

   </td>
   <td>The name of the Java class that is responsible for persistence of the database schema history.
<p>

> It must implement <code>&lt;…>.SchemaHistory</code> interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It must implement <code><…>.SchemaHistory</code> interface.
```

<p>
Default value is <code>KafkaSchemaHistory</code>
<p>
Refer : <a href="https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/development/engine.html">https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/development/engine.html</a> for more information.
For database related options check <a href="https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/operations/debezium-server.html#debezium-source-configuration-properties">https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/operations/debezium-server.html#debezium-source-configuration-properties</a>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>schema.history.internal.file.filename
   </td>
   <td>This value is required only if <strong>io.debezium.storage.file.history.FileSchemaHistory</strong> was provided for the <code>schema.history.internal</code> value. You need to specify the path to a file where the database schema history is stored.
<p>

> By default, the file will be stored at <code>&lt;Product home>/cdc/schemaHistory</code> directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the file will be stored in the<code><Product home>/cdc/schemaHistory</code> directory.
```

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>schema.history.internal.kafka.topic
   </td>
   <td>The Kafka topic where the database schema history is stored.
<p>

> Required when <code>schema.history.internal</code> is set to the <code>&lt;…>.KafkaSchemaHistory</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required when <code>schema.history.internal</code> is set to the <code><…>.KafkaSchemaHistory</code>.
```

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>schema.history.internal.kafka.bootstrap.servers
   </td>
   <td>The initial list of Kafka cluster servers to connect to. The cluster provides the topic to store the database schema history.
<p>

> Required when <code>schema.history.internal</code> is set to the <code>&lt;…​>.KafkaSchemaHistory</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required when <code>schema.history.internal</code> is set to the <code><…​>.KafkaSchemaHistory</code>.
```

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>offset.storage
   </td>

>    <td>The name of the Java class that is responsible for persistence of connector offsets. It must implement <code>&lt;…>.OffsetBackingStore</code> interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <td>The name of the Java class that is responsible for the persistence of connector offsets. It must implement the <code><…>.OffsetBackingStore</code> interface.
```

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>offset.storage.file.filename
   </td>

>    <td>Path to file where offsets are to be stored. Required when `offset.storage` is set to the &lt;…>.FileOffsetBackingStore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <td>Path to file where offsets are to be stored. Required when `offset.storage` is set to the <…>.FileOffsetBackingStore.
```

<p>

> By default, the file will be stored at <code>&lt;Product home>/cdc/offsetStorage</code> directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the file will be stored in the <code><Product home>/cdc/offsetStorage</code> directory.
```

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>offset.storage.topic
   </td>

>    <td>The name of the Kafka topic where offsets are to be stored. Required when <code>offset.storage</code> is set to the <code>&lt;…​>.KafkaOffsetBackingStore</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <td>The name of the Kafka topic where offsets are to be stored. Required when <code>offset.storage</code> is set to the <code><…​>.KafkaOffsetBackingStore</code>.
```

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>offset.storage.partitions
   </td>

>    <td>The number of partitions used when creating the offset storage topic. Required when <code>offset.storage</code> is set to the <code>&lt;…​>.KafkaOffsetBackingStore</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <td>The number of partitions used when creating the offset storage topic. Required when <code>offset.storage</code> is set to the <code><…​>.KafkaOffsetBackingStore</code>.
```

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>offset.storage.replication.factor
   </td>

>    <td>Replication factor used when creating the offset storage topic. Required when <code>offset.storage</code> is set to the <code>&lt;…​>.KafkaOffsetBackingStore</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <td>Replication factor used when creating the offset storage topic. Required when <code>offset.storage</code> is set to the <code><…​>.KafkaOffsetBackingStore</code>.
```

  <tr>
   <td>database.password
   </td>
   <td>The password to connect to the database.
<p>
Example : <code>&lt;parameter name="database.password">your_password&lt;/parameter></code>
<p>
or
<p>

> <code>&lt;parameter name="database.password">{wso2:vault-lookup(password_alias')}&lt;/parameter></code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<code><parameter name="database.password">{wso2:vault-lookup(password_alias')}</parameter></code>
```

```

13. Place the `<inbound_endpoint_name>.xml` file inside `<product home>/repository/deployment/server/synapse-configs/default/inbound-endpoints`.
14. Place the following sequence file inside `<product home>/repository/deployment/server/synapse-configs/default/sequences`.
15. Start the Micro Integrator.

#### 2. Postgres

 1. Setup the postgres server referring to [https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/postgresql.html#setting-up-postgresql](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/postgresql.html#setting-up-postgresql).

>  2. Download the postgres jdbc jar and place in `<Product Home>/lib`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Download the postgres JDBC JAR and place in `<Product Home>/lib`.
```

 3. Download the latest Debezium orbit jar from [nexus](https://maven.wso2.org/nexus/content/repositories/public/org/wso2/orbit/debezium/debezium/) and place in `<Product Home>/dropins`.
 4. Follow the steps 12, 13, 14, 15 under [Mysql](#1-mysql), modifying the params in Synapse config file.

#### 3.SQL Server
1. Setup SQL server referring to [https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/sqlserver.html#setting-up-sqlserver](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/sqlserver.html#setting-up-sqlserver).

> 2. Download the Mssql jdbc jar and place in `<Product Home>/lib`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download the MSSQL JDBC JAR and place in `<Product Home>/lib`.
```
